0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
0. A lung disease caused by the inhalation of very fine silica dust, causing 
   inflammation in the lungs.
   
1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
1. It returns resource usage measures for a process(es), like CPU time and memory used.

2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage ?
2. There are 16 members in a structure.

3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to 
   calculate , even though we’re not changing their contents?
3. If we pass them by value, whole two structures will be copied into 'calculate'
   - that's a waisting of time and resources.

4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading
   words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that 
   function’s for loop works.
4. After loading a textfile and a dictionary, main() function starts reading a text 
   symbol-by-symbol, with a goal of constructing separate words. A word is completed
   when one or more alphabetic symbols are read, and we encounted a non-alphanumeric 
   character (like spacebar, or newline). Then we check our word for misspellings, 
   reset the word index to zero, and continue the symbol reading loop. If we encounter 
   a digit, or a string tends to be too long, we traverse this word in the text, but we
   won't check it for misspellings.

5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather
   than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time?
   Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
5. There are several problems with fscanf - first, you must allocate a memory for a 
   string before reading it from file, and there are no limits of a length of a word 
   in a text file. Also you can't write program logic for skipping alphanumeric words, 
   like this implementation of speller has. Overall, this approach gives us much less 
   flexibility.

6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const ?
6. Those parameters are never intented to be modified in the functions, so we wrote an 
   other layer of ensuring this behavior.
